# Weekly Review 2021-02-22

I looked some more into possible correlations between stability as I could measure it
(the ratio of stable instances) and other metrics. Last time we discussed the number 
of jumps as a possible correlated metric -- unfortunately, I haven't figured yet how to
analyse them (I have the code I just need to learn how to process it). Instead, I looked
at the number of instances (a possible conjecture is that unstable methods could generate
less specializations). Unfortunately, I didn't find anything interesting looking at a couple
of packages. I probably neeed to learn how to generate graphs programmatically so I can look
at more data easily. Right now I'm charting various things in Excel.

Stumbled across different "definitions" of stability in Julia's manual: ("just") stable type
of the output vs. all intermediaries are stable (here stable means concrete after input types are concrete).
I posted a question about definition of stability on Julia's bug tracker and got somewhat
confusing answers:

https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/39752

I think they suggest that `@code_warntyped` (implementing the latter,
stricter version of the "definition") is merely an over?-approximating tool making it easier
to the user to get to the less strict version of the notion by showing them info about
all types.

To get a better idea, I grepped a bit over source code
looking for stability-related things. I didn't get a breakthrough yet: mostly short test cases
related to various bug reports. One interesting pattern for testing stability I saw
concerns the `@inferred` macro, which, quoting the manual, 

> Tests that a call expression returns a value of the same type inferred by the compiler. 
> It is useful to check for type stability.

https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Test/#Test.@inferred

An example from the manual shows it really well how it's supposed to be used, and
it's representative of the test cases I saw: 

```
julia> f(a) = a > 1 ? 1 : 1.0
f (generic function with 1 method)

julia> typeof(f(2))         # that's the actual return type
Int64

julia> @code_warntype f(2)  # this will show inferred type of the body
Variables
  #self#::Core.Compiler.Const(f, false)
  a::Int64

Body::UNION{FLOAT64, INT64} # here it is
1 ─ %1 = (a > 1)::Bool
└──      goto #3 if not %1
2 ─      return 1
3 ─      return 1.0

julia> @inferred f(2)
ERROR: return type Int64 does not match inferred return type Union{Float64, Int64}
[...]

julia> @inferred max(1, 2)
2
```

Other things I was doing mostly concern the text of the paper we started: starting
a repo; reading and commenting on your proposal for the formalism (I have some more in Slack);
setting up a CI for the repo so that we have a stable link on the current draft (required some 
GitHub actions kung-fu):

https://www.ccs.neu.edu/~artem/paper.pdf
