# Up to the package level

Previously, we gradually moved from testing a type for stability to testing 
a function call, then a method instance, and finally, a module. Now, we move 
one more level up -- at the package level.

We want to have a somewhat clean environment to import and test any given package.
Julia's `Pkg` facility seems to allow for that. 

Hint: when drafting the logic to implement the above, I find it
useful to be able to import the `Stability` package into a clean local environment.
This can be done with

    Pkg.add(path="path/to/repo", subdir="Stability")

(This is less straightforward than one would want because the package is located 
in a subdirectory of the repo, and Julia's `Pkg` by default assumes the package
and the repo are at the same level… yes, it does require you to have a git repo.)

A **small issue**
I'm having here is how to get from a package name (of type `String`) to the
corresponding module name (of type `Module`). The simplest construction that
does not error is `Module(Symbol(pkg_name))` but it gove back the module prefixed
with `Main` (e.g. for `"JSON"` it will give `Main.JSON`) which does not make sense.

A heavy artillery **solution**
for this seems to be:

    eval(Meta.parse("using $(pakg)"))
    m = eval(Symbol(pakg)) # typeof(m) is Module

## Testing JSON package

The above strategy is implemented, and I'm trying it out against the JSON package.
It is not successful so far: the return `ModuleStats` has only one 
method instance in it -- `include` -- called thrice.
I assume, the ** problem** is that `Pkg.test` forks a separate Julia process.
